The Cork Board/README.md, before:

# The Cork Board

The Cork Board is the solution to cluttered, overwhelming mass of flyers on cork boards everywhere.  This web app and (eventually) mobile app allows users to cleanly read and learn from the flyers they normally would, except from the comfort of their homes or on the go.  The Cork Board gives users the ability to submit flyers for others within their area to see.  Submitted flyers are moderated for to protect users from illicit material.

## Motivation

At the end of the Spring 2015 semester, the Interaction Design and the Learning in Digital Visual Cultures classes had groups presenting their final projects.  My OOP professor, Easwaran, told some of his students that it would be a good opportunity to see if any of the groups wanted to bring their designs to life by having a developer create the projects based off the mockups and research already completed.

One project in particular caught my attention and it was The Cork Board.  The project members presented a real and relevant problem on the SUNY New Paltz campus where cork boards are massively cluttered and illegible that students are missing out on events.  This idea is so great and can be applied so many places, even outside of schools, that I wanted to be a part of it and help bring it to life.

## Features

1. Users can post flyers and add an event name and description that goes into details the flyer doesn't include
2. Moderators approve or deny flyers
3. Flyers a user sees is based off of location
4. Filter by event type (e.g. Food, Sports, Music/Art, etc.)
5. Search for flyers by event name
6. RSVP to events
7. Option to receive reminders if they RSVP'd to an event
8. Filter by date of event

## Disclaimer

Because this idea isn't my own, I emailed graphic design teacher, Professor Papaelias, and asked if she can assist me in contacting the project members so I can get permission from them to build the app as well as possibly involve them.

Commit message:

Updated technologies for Cork Board; features of fitness tracker

The Cork Board/README.md, after:

# The Cork Board

The Cork Board is the solution to cluttered, overwhelming mass of flyers on cork boards everywhere.  This web app and (eventually) mobile app allows users to cleanly read and learn from the flyers they normally would, except from the comfort of their homes or on the go.  The Cork Board gives users the ability to submit flyers for others within their area to see.  Submitted flyers are moderated for to protect users from illicit material.

## Motivation

At the end of the Spring 2015 semester, the Interaction Design and the Learning in Digital Visual Cultures classes had groups presenting their final projects.  My OOP professor, Easwaran, told some of his students that it would be a good opportunity to see if any of the groups wanted to bring their designs to life by having a developer create the projects based off the mockups and research already completed.

One project in particular caught my attention and it was The Cork Board.  The project members presented a real and relevant problem on the SUNY New Paltz campus where cork boards are so massively cluttered and illegible that students are missing out on events.  This idea is so great and can be applied so many places, even outside of schools, that I wanted to be a part of it and help bring it to life.

## Features

1. Users can post flyers and add an event name and description that goes into details the flyer doesn't include
2. Moderators approve or deny flyers
3. Flyers a user sees is based off of location
4. Filter by event type (e.g. Food, Sports, Music/Art, etc.)
5. Search for flyers by event name
6. RSVP to events
7. Option to receive reminders if they RSVP'd to an event
8. Filter by date of event

## Technologies

1. Node JS / Angular (or PHP)
2. jQuery
3. Bootstrap
4. npm / bower
5. A database

## Disclaimer

Because this idea isn't my own, I emailed graphic design teacher, Professor Papaelias, and asked if she can assist me in contacting the project members so I can get permission from them to build the app as well as possibly involve them.
